Update README (#407)
IntelPython/daal4py: README.md

- [Documentation](https://intelpython.github.io/daal4py/)
- [scikit-learn API and patching](https://intelpython.github.io/daal4py/sklearn.html#sklearn)
- [Source Code](https://github.com/IntelPython/daal4py/tree/master/src)

> - [Building from Sources](INSTALL.md)

Reviewer: That file contains more than just building from sources, I suggest you change the alt text for this link.
You can also add this link at the end of Installation section with some explanation of what INSTALL.md contains.

Author: It contains building daal4py from sources + building documentation from sources only. So, I suppose the name covers this. Do you see anything else in INSTALL.md?

Reviewer: You are right. I looked through the file and the hierarchy confused me, it made it seem that the file covers different things. Sorry.

Author: Anyway, I added different heading in INSTALL.md and added a link in "Installation". Thank you.

daal4py API, allows you to use wider set of Intel(R) oneAPI Data Analytics Library algorithms in just one line:
```py
import daal4py as d4p
init = d4p.kmeans_init(data, 10, t_method="plusPlusDense")
result = init.compute(X)
```
You can even run this on a cluster by simple code changes:
```py
import daal4py as d4p
d4p.daalinit()
d4p.kmeans_init(data, 10, t_method="plusPlusDense", distributed=True)
result = init.compute(X, daal4py.my_procid())
d4p.daalfini()
```

# Scikit-learn patching

| *Speedups of daal4py powered Scikit-learn over the original Scikit-learn, 28 cores, 1 thread/core* |
|:--:|
| ![](doc/IDP%20scikit-learn%20accelearation%20compared%20with%20stock%20scikit-learn.png) |
| *technical details: FPType: float32; HW: Intel(R) Xeon(R) Platinum 8276L CPU @ 2.20GHz, 2 sockets, 28 cores per socket; SW: scikit-learn 0.22.2, Intel® DAAL (2019.5), Intel® Distribution Of Python (IDP) 3.7.4; Details available in the article https://medium.com/intel-analytics-software/accelerate-your-scikit-learn-applications-a06cacf44912* |

> daal4py patching will affect performance for specific Scikit-learn functionality listed below. In some cases daal4py can fallback into stock Scikit-learn, if there are some unsupported parameters (these limitations described below). If the patching doesn't cover your scenarios - please, submit an issue on GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
daal4py patching affects performance of specific Scikit-learn functionality listed below. In cases when unsupported parameters are used, daal4py fallbacks into stock Scikit-learn. These limitations described below. If the patching does not cover your scenarios, [submit an issue on GitHub](https://github.com/IntelPython/daal4py/issues).
```

> daal4py patching will affect performance for specific Scikit-learn functionality listed below. In some cases daal4py can fallback into stock Scikit-learn, if there are some unsupported parameters (these limitations described below). If the patching doesn't cover your scenarios - please, submit an issue on GitHub.

Reviewer 2: Need to add information about the verbose mode before description about Sklearn parameters.

> Already available in 2020.3 release:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scenarios that are already available in 2020.3 release:
```

|Task|Functionality|Parameters support|Data support|

> |:---|:------------|:-----------------|:-----------|

Reviewer 2: Don't want to add information about samples weights?

|Classification|**SVC**|All parameters except `kernel` = 'poly' and 'sigmoid'|No limitations|
||**RandomForestClassifier**|All parameters except `warmstart` = True and `cpp_alpha` != 0, `criterion` != 'gini' | Multi-output and sparse data aren't supported |
||**KNeighborsClassifier**|Supported `metric` = 'euclidean' and `minkowski` with `p` = 2. Other parameters are fully supported | Multi-output and sparse data aren't supported |
||**LogisticRegression / LogisticRegressionCV**|Supported `solver` = 'lbfgs' and 'newton-cg', `penalty` = 'l2' and 'none', `class_weight` = None. Other parameters are fully supported | Dense data |

> |Regression|**RandomForestRegressor**|All parameters except `warmstart` = True and `cpp_alpha` != 0, `criterion` != 'mse' | Sparse data is't supported |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Regression|**RandomForestRegressor**|All parameters except `warmstart` = True and `cpp_alpha` != 0, `criterion` != 'mse' | Multi-output and sparse data aren't supported |
```

> ||**LinearRegression**|All parameters except `normalize` != False. | Dense data, # observations should be >= # features |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
||**LinearRegression**|All parameters except `normalize` != False. | Only dense data is supported, `#observations` should be >= `#features`. |
```

> ||**Ridge**|All parameters except `normalize` != False and `solver` != 'auto' | Dense data, # observations should be >= # features |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
||**Ridge**|All parameters except `normalize` != False and `solver` != 'auto'. | Only dense data is supported, `#observations` should be >= `#features`. |
```

||**ElasticNet**|All parameters are supported| Multi-output and sparse data aren't suppported. # observations should be >= # features |
||**Lasso**|All parameters are supported| Multi-output and sparse data aren't suppported. # observations should be >= # features |

> |Clustering|**KMeans**|All parameters except `precompute_distances` | No limitations |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Clustering|**KMeans**|All parameters except `precompute_distances`. | No limitations. |
```

> ||**DBSCAN**|Supported `metric` = 'euclidean' and 'minkowski' with p='2', 'algorithm'='brute. Other parameters are fully supported | Dense data only |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
||**DBSCAN**|Supported `metric` = 'euclidean' and 'minkowski' with p='2', 'algorithm'='brute. Other parameters are fully supported. | Only dense data is supported. |
```

> |Dimensionality reduction|**PCA**|All parameters except `svd_solver` != 'full' | No limitations |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Dimensionality reduction|**PCA**|All parameters except `svd_solver` != 'full'. | No limitations. |
```

|Other|**train_test_split**|All parameters are supported| Dense data only |
||**assert_all_finite**|All parameters are supported| Dense data only |
||**pairwise_distance**|With `metric`='cosine' and 'correlation'| Dense data only |

> Not released yet, but available in master (will be included in future releases):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scenarios that are only available in the `master` branch (not released yet):
```

|Task|Functionality|Parameters support|Data support|
|:---|:------------|:-----------------|:-----------|

> |Regression|**KNeighborsRegressor**|Supported `metric` = 'euclidean' and 'minkowski' with `p` = 2. Other parameters are fullysupported | Sparse data is't supported |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Regression|**KNeighborsRegressor**|Supported `metric` = 'euclidean' and 'minkowski' with `p` = 2. Other parameters are fullysupported | Multi-output and sparse data aren't supported |
```

daal4py API, allows you to use wider set of Intel(R) oneAPI Data Analytics Library algorithms in just one line:
```py
import daal4py as d4p
init = d4p.kmeans_init(data, 10, t_method="plusPlusDense")
result = init.compute(X)
```
You can even run this on a cluster by making simple code changes:
```py
import daal4py as d4p
d4p.daalinit()
d4p.kmeans_init(data, 10, t_method="plusPlusDense", distributed=True)
result = init.compute(X, daal4py.my_procid())
d4p.daalfini()
```

# Scikit-learn patching

| *Speedups of daal4py-powered Scikit-learn over the original Scikit-learn* |
|:--:|
| ![](doc/IDP%20scikit-learn%20accelearation%20compared%20with%20stock%20scikit-learn.png) |

> | *Technical details: FPType: float32; HW: Intel(R) Xeon(R) Platinum 8280 CPU @ 2.70GHz, 2 sockets, 28 cores per socket; SW: scikit-learn 0.23.1, Intel® oneDAl (2021.1 Beta 10)* |

Reviewer 2: It seems to me this is not a well-known abbreviation
```suggestion
| *Technical details: float type: float32; HW: Intel(R) Xeon(R) Platinum 8280 CPU @ 2.70GHz, 2 sockets, 28 cores per socket; SW: scikit-learn 0.23.1, Intel® oneDAl (2021.1 Beta 10)* |
```

> | *Technical details: FPType: float32; HW: Intel(R) Xeon(R) Platinum 8280 CPU @ 2.70GHz, 2 sockets, 28 cores per socket; SW: scikit-learn 0.23.1, Intel® oneDAl (2021.1 Beta 10)* |

Reviewer 2: Are you sure that float32 and not float64?

Author: fixed

||**LogisticRegression / LogisticRegressionCV**|Supported `solver` = 'lbfgs' and 'newton-cg', `penalty` = 'l2' and 'none', `class_weight` = None, `sample_weight` = None. Other parameters are fully supported. | Only dense data is supported. |
|Regression|**RandomForestRegressor**|All parameters except `warmstart` = True and `cpp_alpha` != 0, `criterion` != 'mse'. | Multi-output and sparse data is not supported. |
||**LinearRegression**|All parameters except `normalize` != False and `sample_weight` != None. | Only dense data is supported, `#observations` should be >= `#features`. |
||**Ridge**|All parameters except `normalize` != False, `solver` != 'auto' and `sample_weight` != None. | Only dense data is supported, `#observations` should be >= `#features`. |
||**ElasticNet**|All parameters are supported except `sample_weight` | Multi-output and sparse data is not supported, `#observations` should be >= `#features`. |
||**Lasso**|All parameters are supported except `sample_weight`| Multi-output and sparse data is not supported, `#observations` should be >= `#features`. |

> |Clustering|**KMeans**|All parameters except `precompute_distances`. | No limitations. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Clustering|**KMeans**|All parameters except `precompute_distances` and `sample_weight` != None. | No limitations. |
```

|Unsupervised|**NearestNeighbors**|Supported `metric` = 'euclidean' and 'minkowski' with `p` = 2. Other parameters are fully supported. | Sparse data is not supported. |
|Dimensionality reduction|**TSNE**|Supported `metric` = 'euclidean' and 'minkowski' with `p` = 2. Other parameters are fully supported. | Sparse data is not supported. |
|Other|**roc_auc_score**|Parameters `average`, `sample_weight`, `max_fpr` and `multi_class` are not supported. | No limitations. |

## scikit-learn verbose

To find out which implementation of the algorithm is currently used (daal4py or stock Scikit-learn), set the environment variable:
- On Linux and Mac OS: `export IDP_SKLEARN_VERBOSE=INFO`
- On Windows: `set IDP_SKLEARN_VERBOSE=INFO`

For example, for DBSCAN you get one of these print statements depending on which implementation is used:
- `INFO: sklearn.cluster.DBSCAN.fit: uses Intel(R) oneAPI Data Analytics Library solver`
- `INFO: sklearn.cluster.DBSCAN.fit: uses original Scikit-learn solver`

[Read more in the documentation](https://intelpython.github.io/daal4py/sklearn.html#scikit-learn-verbose).

# Building from Source

> See [Building from Sources](INSTALL.md) for details.

Reviewer: I think this should be a subsection in Installation (see my other comments in a previous review).
